Upgrade to 1.x standards (#10)
inviqa/harness-base-node: src/_base/README.md

# PHP Harness for [Workspace]

To use this harness:

1. Install [Workspace]

> 2. Run `ws create <projectName> inviqa/php:v1.1.1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NodeJS Harness for [Workspace]

To use this harness:

1. Install [Workspace]
2. Run `ws create <projectName> inviqa/node:v0.2.0`
```
